at Creator Warehouse we like using
printers with a lot of detail but one of
the downsides is they're really slow the
form four from form Labs claims it can
solve that problem by having most prints
done in less than 2 hours let's open it
up and find
out getting first eyes on this it looks
super sleek and it's pretty simple
packaging inside it is just the printer
some cables resin tank and a resin mixer
some other things they sent us were some
of their resins so we have a black V5
a elastic 50a which is almost like a
rubber and then a clear resin which
we're going to be printing with today
and it's been a week unfortunately the
first printer we got sent had a crack in
the back of the cover so we had to get
it swapped out the RMA was super easy
through form laabs and they got it to us
within 3 or 4 days for resin printers
you want to make sure that they're level
the main reason for that is so that the
thickness of resin that you're dealing
with is consistent across the tank this
printer has a built-in accelerometer or
gyroscope that helps you level it next
step is putting the resin tank in slots
in and they have two little retention
Clips on the sides we are looking at the
mixer open up the clip slide it in Click
lver to lift up slide
in and lock into place next up putting
in the resin just take it out of the bag
and slide it into the
receptacle I just went through and
confirmed that all the internals are
ready to go and the last thing to tell
you about is our sponsor secret lab and
their Titan Evo chair which not only
looks great but emphasizes ergonomic
comfort with four-way lumbar support a
sculpted Pebble seat base and
multi-directional adjustable armrests
and if you want to switch up the vibe
their skins can give the chair a whole
new unique look so check out the Titan
Evo gaming chair at the link down below
here we're looking at pre-form which is
form lab slicing software it's pretty
straightforward to use for especially
their SLA printers and it does most of
the work for you which is pretty nice
all right I've got the two parts in I
will just have it autogenerate the
supports for me their slicer is quite
good at generating ports to make them
easy to remove and also very sufficient
for holding your parts sturdy enough
while they're printing so for the
selector you can see there's a bunch
around the outside edge and then a whole
bunch of internal supports to support
overhanging features I located these
specifically because I cared about the
outer surfaces more preform naturally
orients them in a slightly different way
you can kind of massage things around
depending on what parts of your part you
care about more all right now that we've
got everything sliced up let's send it
over to the printer and get it started
[Music]
printer finished up let's take a
look O It's So Clean look how clear it
is wow yeah wow yeah is this a new one
yeah this is a new one it's very
expensive holy can I just touch it or
see you're wearing gloves yeah do not
touch the resins are not great to just
handle is it done being cured or no no I
wouldn't like stick your head in it
right like I was doing before that you
let me do some Safety Committee guy here
got him looks pretty clean still have
some washing and curing to do so I'm
going to take this off there and we'll
see you after and we're back with some
cleaned up parts so we have our 3x
selector our 3x end cap and I threw a
handle on Just for good measure as well
looking at the parts initially they look
great the top surface is like a
mirror it's crazy taking a look at the
rest of the parts even on the side faces
it's pretty smooth I know you can
actually fully polish these parts and I
took a little bit of a buffing wheel to
parts of the handle didn't want to spend
too too much time on it but I was able
to get a pretty good mirror finish even
on the side some of the normal things
you do have to deal with for SLA is all
of the attachment points which are kind
of annoying to get off but if you have
the patience and some sandpaper and
scraping it's definitely doable but
overall the clarity of the clear resin
that form s has is wild and the print
time is pretty spectacular too for the
two of these it was around 2 and 1/2
hours total and then for the handle we
were looking more like three which for a
part this big is really quick all in all
the parts that came out are super clear
look amazing and fit together like I'd
expect from a printer like this the last
thing to talk about for this printer is
the price and they are not cheap the
printer starts at 4,500 us but to make
full use of the system and be able to
work with it nicely you're going to need
to spend closer to 6600 to get a curing
station and a wash station you can make
do with just the printer and have
everything else done manually by you but
it's going to be a lot of extra work and
a lot of extra cleanup working with the
Cure and wash stations makes it a lot
easier faster and safer to work with
these resins having used formlabs
printers before and now this one it's
definitely a useful tool for the topend
pro suumer and
lower level professional use we would
end up making pretty good use of a
printer like this both for video
production and for product development
in the create a warehouse side as a
single individual it's a bit of a tough
sell thanks for watching this short
circuit if you like this and wanted to
see another really fast printer check
out our video on the prusa mark 4S